# Contemporary Issues In Data

#Government Surveillance in China during the Pandemic  
In this assignment, I have chosen two articles about both sides of support and objection towards the Chinese government's surveillance of people during the pandemic. In order to control the inspections of the coronavirus among people, the Chinese government released a series of actions to collect people’s private data, such as social relations, activities, and health information. However, the concerns about data privacy rose. Some people spoke in support of the actions to restrain the spread of the pandemic and protect people’s health, while others were against them since they violated people’s privacy and would lead to continuous monitoring of people. 

## Complaints of Collecting Personal Data during the Pandemic
From the article from _Asia News Monitor_ named [“China: COVID Controls Offer Insight Into China's Surveillance Network”] (http://proxy.library.nyu.edu/login?qurl=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.proquest.com%2Fnewspapers%2Fchina-covid-controls-offer-insight-into-chinas%2Fdocview%2F2759357747%2Fse-2%3Faccountid%3D12768), it blamed the Chinese government for monitoring people during the pandemic as “surveillance state.” In the past, China only has numerous CCTVs. However, the “health code” and “travel code” came into being, focusing on whether an individual was infected and where he or she went. Many people felt that their data was collected and their privacy was infringed upon. And there is also a conspiracy that the Chinese government is trying to take more control of their people. 

In my opinion, It was true that the Chinese government’s action enhanced the extent of surveillance in China. And the codes and restrictions of moving around were simply measures of achieving the zero-COVID goal. To some extent, people’s freedom and rights were violated since their personal data was collected consciously and unconsciously in a forced manner. However, we should also consider the underlying reason for these issues. Probably the policy itself has some problems. Actually, I think everything has two sides. People complaint about the restrictions of freedom due to the zero-COVID policy, while if the country lifts the lockdown fully, other concerns such as infection of the elderly, would arouse. Now the Who, or what should take the blame needs further investigation. The point is, data is useful and we should prevent abuse usage of it. 

## Insights of the Importance of Usage of the Data for the COVID Control
In the second article [“Reflection and Foresight on Personal Information Protection and Optimization in Public Health Emergencies in China—From the Perspective of Personal Information Collection during the Period of China’s Dynamic-Zero COVID-19 Prevention and Control Policy”](http://proxy.library.nyu.edu/login?qurl=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.proquest.com%2Fscholarly-journals%2Freflection-foresight-on-personal-information%2Fdocview%2F2767227997%2Fse-2) from International Journal of Environmental Research and Public Health, the authors pointed out the necessity of data collection during the pandemic. Since the expansion of interactions and high mobility between people would provide conditions for the spread of coronavirus, epidemiological investigations and tracking people’s whereabouts are key to the prevention and control. 

Compared to the first article, this one is more subjective and provides insights into the importance of information collected during the epidemic, as well as the conflict between such action and rights issues. We may find out that in the early stage of the pandemic when the virus was serious and deadly, the policy of zero-COVID might be the best answer. And the importance of data collection in analyzing the virus and preventing its spread cannot be ignored. However, when it comes to a later stage, the strategy may need to be changed. It is a case-by-case situation. We are concerned a lot about leaks and misuse. That is probably the key problem not only the government, but also all the other institutions need to solve. 

